Newsletters: add 258 (2023-07-05) (#1168)
bitcoinops/bitcoinops.github.io: _posts/en/newsletters/2023-07-05-newsletter.md

Lightning-Dev mailing lists._

## Waiting for confirmation #8: Policy as an Interface

_A limited weekly [series][policy series] about transaction relay,
mempool inclusion, and mining transaction selection---including why
Bitcoin Core has a more restrictive policy than allowed by consensus and
how wallets can use that policy most effectively._

{% include specials/policy/en/08-interface.md %}

## Releases and release candidates

*New releases and release candidates for popular Bitcoin infrastructure
projects.  Please consider upgrading to new releases or helping to test
release candidates.*

- [Core Lightning 23.05.2][] FIXME:harding

<!-- FIXME:harding to update Tuesday -->

## Notable code and documentation changes

*Notable changes this week in [Bitcoin Core][bitcoin core repo], [Core
Lightning][core lightning repo], [Eclair][eclair repo], [LDK][ldk repo],
[LND][lnd repo], [libsecp256k1][libsecp256k1 repo], [Hardware Wallet
Interface (HWI)][hwi repo], [Rust Bitcoin][rust bitcoin repo], [BTCPay
Server][btcpay server repo], [BDK][bdk repo], [Bitcoin Improvement
Proposals (BIPs)][bips repo], [Lightning BOLTs][bolts repo], and
[Bitcoin Inquisition][bitcoin inquisition repo].*

> glozow, bitschmidty

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

- [Bitcoin Core #24914][] loads wallet database records in order by
  type instead of iterating through the whole database twice to detect
  dependencies. Some wallets with corrupted records may no longer load
  after this change, but they can be loaded with a previous version of
  Bitcoin Core and ported to a new wallet.

- [Bitcoin Core #27896][] removes the experimental system call (syscall) sandbox
  feature (see [Newsletter #170][news170 syscall]). A [related issue][Bitcoin

>   Core #24771] and follow on comments note the drawbacks to the original
>   approach including maintainability (both of the syscall whitelist and OS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Core #24771] and follow up comments note the drawbacks of the
  feature including maintainability (both of the syscall whitelist and OS
```

>   support), better supported alternatives, and considerations whether syscall

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  support), better-supported alternatives, and considerations about whether syscall
```
